When you work on a self-driving car team,
at some point you will inevitably have to get in
the vehicle and actually observe its driving behavior.
And when the vehicle does anything unexpected,
you're probably going to have to file a ticket.
And in reality, this is something you'd be doing on a computer.
But the analog version of
a ticket tracking system is something that's useful to think about for now.
So, in this analog version,
a ticket is a physical thing.
And as you can see, the ticket has fields.
In this case, it has a place for the date,
the priority, and a description.
And once you filled out the ticket,
you'll have to file it away maybe in some box of outstanding tickets.
And likely, this box is sorted by date with
the oldest tickets in the back and the newest in the front.
So, you could just put the new ticket right in the front of the box.
Now, it's important to know,
that this choice to store tickets in a single box,
ordered by date, is a design decision.
And somebody made that design decision when planning this ticket tracking system.
But it's not the only way it could have been designed.
So, now, I'd like you to think about
this particular design and some of the tradeoffs that it made.